Okay,
guys,
from time to time,
you may find that the data set you're looking at is just too large to be manageable.
And it could be that you want to do some work far over on the right hand side.
Or you may want to do some work way down at the bottom there to make your data set more
manageable.
It's very simple to just hide some of the columns or the rose.
So imagine for a second that we didn't want to see our sales on Monday through Saturday or
we need to do is come up to the column heading left Click drag over all the columns that we
want to hide,
so have highlighted C through H the entire column.
If we just right click just here and choose hide,
you can see that all of that data is now being hidden from view.
It hasn't been deleted,
it's still there and perfectly safe.
It's just been hidden from our view.
So now we can happily work over over here,
and everything is much easier to see now if you're in any doubt that you have any columns
hidden.
One quick way of finding names is just have a look at the column letters.
So here we can see that we have a baby and we immediately jumped toe I.
So obviously something has been hidden.
So there are two ways toe unhygienic.
This.
You can either left click and drag over the area that's been hidden on right click and
choose unhygienic.
You can let me just undo that hitting control and said,
or the other ways to select the entire sheet,
which is this little button at the corner here.
Left click and then just click anywhere in the columns,
right click and choose a new hide,
and they go whenever columns have been hidden for us.
Far across is your data goes will be unhindered.
Okay,
so that's a you hide columns.
If you want to do the same thing with Rose,
it's exactly the same process you can left.
Click the road number Aziz.
Many as you want to hide.
Let's just say we're gonna hide those to right click,
choose hide and they give their all hidden and again it will be a parent because we can see
we be jumped from them.
1234 and then immediately to seven.
So something is being hidden and again just left,
click and drag over the range that's been hidden.
So we've highlighted four through seven.
Right click Choose Unhygienic Anay Go All your datas back on the other way works just as we
did with columns.
If you click the entire shades right,
click on the road number and click unhygienic.
Anything that's been hidden for us far down is your data goes,
will get unhinging.
So there you go.
That's a Have you hide columns and hydro's See you in the next lecture.